# GROUP Groucho
- What is Rails?



- What is MVC and what are the components of Rails MVC?
- Explain the different variable scopes in Ruby
- Name a few object-oriented concepts in Ruby

# GROUP Harpo
- How would I execute some code for each element in a collection?
- What is meant by convention over configuration?
- What are the Rails naming conventions?
- When should `load` be used in Ruby, as opposed to `require`?

# GROUP Chico
- Explain RESTful architecture.
- Explain the difference between empty? and nil?
- What is a framework?
- How does MVC work?

# GROUP Zeppo
- Why would you use Rails rather than another framework?
- What operators are available in Ruby?
- Compare Ruby on Rails and PHP
- What is a destructive method?

# GROUP Gummo
- What is the Ruby convention for naming methods?
- What are filters in Rails? Give some examples.
- Provide an example showing how an iterator is used
- What is the difference between an argument and a parameter?

# GROUP Dumont
- Explain how sessions work, specifically in relation to cookies.
- What are the looping structures in Ruby?
- Compare validations, callbacks and observers in ActiveRecord
- What are helpers in Rails?

# GROUP Perelman
- Compare instance and class variables
- Describe the concept of visibility in Rails
- What is meant by DRY?
- What is the log to check for errors in Rails?


# Compare instance and class variables

class Media

  title // instance

end


class Book < Media

  (title) // class
  pages // instance

end

class Film < Media

  (title) // class
  length // instance

end

Media
title


Book is a type Media
title
... pages

Film
title
... length

# Describe the concept of visibility in Rails
Refers to whether a method can be public, private or protected.
Public: anyone


# What is meant by DRY?
Don't repeat yourself.
Using partials to re-render components

# What is the log to check for errors in Rails?
tail -f log/development.log
